Please don't disturb us again in the future.
Are you going back to your own home?
Hey
Yaoyao
Sleeping homeless
That day can only exist in him
2 million Cao Cao
It's not good to climb the mountain in the cold
Your mother, look, your uncle doesn't have a home
On the way.
So poor we took him back.
You you really have no place to live
Don't play poor with me.
After I was discharged, I had to live in a fish pond
Can't pay the rent
Can't eat
Just lose this dress
Or you'll be discharged, and there are a few left.
Can't change it once every half a month
Can't afford it?
Alright. Alright.
But uncle can only temporarily remember that in our house
When you have money, move out immediately
If you dare to do anything wrong in my house
I don't have to tell you.
Go by yourself
Mom agrees
uncle aunt
Long time no see.
Cricket
How did you bring this beast back?
Xiao Chen, you white-eyed wolf
How dare you come to our house?
We have a distinguished guest coming to our house today
I won't leave you for now
Get out of here now
Don't step on my floor
Grandma, you can't change uncle's
I want my uncle to be my father
What's up, you little white sheep?
I'll raise it.
Since
You, big and small, get out of our house together